Addressing supply chain security-- Standard Issue #222 (#121)
uptane/deployment-considerations: security_considerations.md

There are a number of supply chain security technologies that might be adapted for these purposes, either individually or in combination. One such strategy candidate is the [in-toto](https://in-toto.io/) framework, which breaks down the software supply chain into a series of steps, each of which has a “functionary,” human or otherwise, authorized to perform it. A policy is defined for each supply chain and the policy is then cryptographically signed by the supply chain owner. As each functionary performs its task, it captures separate signed metadata for each step that documents the artifacts involved. The metadata is then validated against the policy, enabling end-to-end verification of the supply chain. 

> The in-toto framework has already been successfully	adopted	or integrated	into several major open	source	software	projects,	including	those	hosted by the	Cloud	Native Computing Foundation, a	part of the	Linux	Foundation. It has already been used in tandom with The Update Framework (TUF) to provide both end-to-end security and compromise resilience for [Datadog](https://www.datadoghq.com/blog/engineering/secure-publication-of-datadog-agent-integrations-with-tuf-and-in-toto/). Using this integration as a test case, the Uptane community is looking into what might be involved in a combined Uptane and in-toto as defense against supply chain attacks on automomobiles. The concept will be presented in a whitepaper in early 2022. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The in-toto framework has already been successfully adopted or integrated into several major open source	software	projects, including those hosted by the Cloud Native Computing Foundation, a part of the Linux Foundation. It has already been used in tandem with The Update Framework (TUF) to provide both end-to-end security and compromise resilience for [Datadog](https://www.datadoghq.com/blog/engineering/secure-publication-of-datadog-agent-integrations-with-tuf-and-in-toto/). Using this integration as a test case, the Uptane community is looking into what might be involved in a combined Uptane and in-toto as defense against supply chain attacks on automobiles. The concept will be presented in a whitepaper in early 2022. 
```
